templates/static/written_content/Year_7-slides+resources.md, before:

# Year 7
## Algebra
These are the [slides](static/pdfs/slides/yr7-algebra.pdf) I made, inspired by Macquarie Fields High School content.

### Substitution
* [Substitution Game](https://www.math-salamanders.com/algebra-math-games.html)
	* Uses dice and counters

### Like Terms
* [Like Terms Uno](https://www.frontporchmath.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/like-terms-uno.pdf)
	* Cards need to be printed in color and cut up
* [Like Terms Maze](https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/FREE-Combining-Like-Terms-Maze-4451766?st=037d8f7f3eaa44be9648018aea9c437e)
* [Like Terms Pyramid](https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Combining-Like-Terms-Activity-Pyramid-Style-2516935?st=1b98116c1a297dd5fb0496c9a3f29319)


### Multiplying and Dividing
* [Access Math - Multiplying only](https://www.accessmaths.co.uk/uploads/4/4/2/3/44232537/multiplying_algebraic_expressions_worksheet_msc.pdf)
	* Includes answer bank
* [Corbett Maths - Multiplying expressions](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/multiplying-terms-pdf1.pdf)
* [Corbett Maths - Dividing Expressions](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/dividing-terms-pdf1.pdf)
* [Codebreaker by Andy Lutwyche](https://www.tes.com/en-au/teaching-resource/multiplying-and-dividing-fractions-codebreakers-11245813)
* [Man Vs Maths: Simplify #1](https://www.manvsmaths.com/algebra/basic_simplify_1.pdf)

### Expanding Brackets
Ascending order of difficulty:

* [Expanding Brackets Corbett Maths](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/expanding-brackets-pdf1.pdf)
* [Expanding Brackets Maze](https://www.tes.com/en-au/teaching-resource/expanding-single-brackets-maze-12074729)
* [Expanding pairs of brackets - Extension](https://www.doingmaths.co.uk/expanding-brackets.html)
	DoingMaths.co.uk
* [Increasingly Difficulty Brackets](https://startingpointsmaths.com/2020/09/01/increasingly-difficult-brackets/)
* [Expanding **Two** Brackets Corbett Maths](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/expanding-two-brackets-pdf2.pdf)
* [Extra Examples](https://www.doingmaths.co.uk/uploads/8/3/8/9/8389495/expanding_single_brackets.pdf)

Activity: [Expanding Brackets Bingo](https://www.interactive-maths.com/expanding-single-brackets-qqi-bingo.html)

### Applying Algebra
* [CueMaths Algebra Word Problems](https://www.cuemath.com/worksheets/algebra-word-problems-worksheets/)
* [Algebra Word Problems](https://view.officeapps.live.com/op/view.aspx?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.scarsdaleschools.k12.ny.us%2Fcms%2Flib5%2FNY01001205%2FCentricity%2FDomain%2F360%2FWordProbPacket2.doc&wdOrigin=BROWSELINK)
* [MathTutorDVD.com Word Problems](https://algebra-worksheets.s3.amazonaws.com/Algebra-Word-Problems/Algebra+Word+Problems+-+Worksheet+1+-+Number+Problems.pdf)

#### Further
* [Nrich Challenge Question](https://nrich.maths.org/1031)
* [Online exercises](https://www.transum.org/software/SW/Starter_of_the_day/Students/Algebra_In_Action.asp)


### Extension: Factoring and Algebraic Fractions
Slides for linking finding the Highest Common Factor with factoring algebraic expressions are [here](static\pdfs\slides\7-matd-factorization.pdf)
#### Factorisng worksheets
* [Corbett Maths Factorising](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Factorisation.pdf)
* [MathDrills.com Factorising](https://math-drills.com/algebra/expressions_factoring_nosquares_xcoef_posmult_001.php)
* [Homeschool: Autogenerated worksheet](https://www.homeschoolmath.net/worksheets/table-factoring-distributive.php?col=2&row=7&coeffmin=2&coeffmax=9&constmin=1&constmax=12&decimals=0&workspace=3&problemtype=1&type1=1&font=Arial&FontSize=12pt&pad=8&border=on&ptitle=&Submit=Submit)
* [Codebreaker Factorising by Andy Lutwyche](https://www.tes.com/en-au/teaching-resource/codebreaker-factorising-expressions-6449047)
* [Math-Aids.Com: Autogenerated: Factoring Quadratics](https://www.math-aids.com/Algebra/Algebra_1/Polynomials/Factoring_Quadratic.html)
* [MathWorksheets4Kids: Binomial factoring](https://www.mathworksheets4kids.com/grade-8/factoring-binomials.php)

#### Algebraic Fractions
* [Dr Austin Maths' Fill in the Blanks](https://www.draustinmaths.com/_files/ugd/7ac124_c8ceecc0327f473892852c5799d1893c.pdf)
* [Codebreakers by Andy Lutwyche](https://www.tes.com/en-au/teaching-resource/algebraic-fractions-codebreakers-11411609)
* [Corbett Maths Adding Fractions](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/adding-algebraic-fractions-pdf.pdf)
* [MATHSprint Algebraic Fractions](https://mathsprint.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/a-algebraic-fractions-add-subtract-1.pdf)


## Decimals

## Negative Numbers

Commit message:

Added some Decimals links and compiled the decimal slides back together

templates/static/written_content/Year_7-slides+resources.md, after:

# Year 7
## Algebra
These are the [slides](static/pdfs/slides/Year_7/yr7-algebra.pdf) I made, inspired by Macquarie Fields High School content.

### Substitution
* [Substitution Game](https://www.math-salamanders.com/algebra-math-games.html)
	* Uses dice and counters

### Like Terms
* [Like Terms Uno](https://www.frontporchmath.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/like-terms-uno.pdf)
	* Cards need to be printed in color and cut up
* [Like Terms Maze](https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/FREE-Combining-Like-Terms-Maze-4451766?st=037d8f7f3eaa44be9648018aea9c437e)
* [Like Terms Pyramid](https://www.teacherspayteachers.com/Product/Combining-Like-Terms-Activity-Pyramid-Style-2516935?st=1b98116c1a297dd5fb0496c9a3f29319)


### Multiplying and Dividing
* [Access Math - Multiplying only](https://www.accessmaths.co.uk/uploads/4/4/2/3/44232537/multiplying_algebraic_expressions_worksheet_msc.pdf)
	* Includes answer bank
* [Corbett Maths - Multiplying expressions](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/multiplying-terms-pdf1.pdf)
* [Corbett Maths - Dividing Expressions](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/dividing-terms-pdf1.pdf)
* [Codebreaker by Andy Lutwyche](https://www.tes.com/en-au/teaching-resource/multiplying-and-dividing-fractions-codebreakers-11245813)
* [Man Vs Maths: Simplify #1](https://www.manvsmaths.com/algebra/basic_simplify_1.pdf)

### Expanding Brackets
Ascending order of difficulty:

* [Expanding Brackets Corbett Maths](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/expanding-brackets-pdf1.pdf)
* [Expanding Brackets Maze](https://www.tes.com/en-au/teaching-resource/expanding-single-brackets-maze-12074729)
* [Expanding pairs of brackets - Extension](https://www.doingmaths.co.uk/expanding-brackets.html)
	DoingMaths.co.uk
* [Increasingly Difficulty Brackets](https://startingpointsmaths.com/2020/09/01/increasingly-difficult-brackets/)
* [Expanding **Two** Brackets Corbett Maths](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/expanding-two-brackets-pdf2.pdf)
* [Extra Examples](https://www.doingmaths.co.uk/uploads/8/3/8/9/8389495/expanding_single_brackets.pdf)

Activity: [Expanding Brackets Bingo](https://www.interactive-maths.com/expanding-single-brackets-qqi-bingo.html)

### Applying Algebra
* [CueMaths Algebra Word Problems](https://www.cuemath.com/worksheets/algebra-word-problems-worksheets/)
* [Algebra Word Problems](https://view.officeapps.live.com/op/view.aspx?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.scarsdaleschools.k12.ny.us%2Fcms%2Flib5%2FNY01001205%2FCentricity%2FDomain%2F360%2FWordProbPacket2.doc&wdOrigin=BROWSELINK)
* [MathTutorDVD.com Word Problems](https://algebra-worksheets.s3.amazonaws.com/Algebra-Word-Problems/Algebra+Word+Problems+-+Worksheet+1+-+Number+Problems.pdf)

#### Further
* [Nrich Challenge Question](https://nrich.maths.org/1031)
* [Online exercises](https://www.transum.org/software/SW/Starter_of_the_day/Students/Algebra_In_Action.asp)


### Extension: Factoring and Algebraic Fractions
Slides for linking finding the Highest Common Factor with factoring algebraic expressions are [here](static/pdfs/slides/Year_7/7-matd-factorization.pdf)
#### Factorisng worksheets
* [Corbett Maths Factorising](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/Factorisation.pdf)
* [MathDrills.com Factorising](https://math-drills.com/algebra/expressions_factoring_nosquares_xcoef_posmult_001.php)
* [Homeschool: Autogenerated worksheet](https://www.homeschoolmath.net/worksheets/table-factoring-distributive.php?col=2&row=7&coeffmin=2&coeffmax=9&constmin=1&constmax=12&decimals=0&workspace=3&problemtype=1&type1=1&font=Arial&FontSize=12pt&pad=8&border=on&ptitle=&Submit=Submit)
* [Codebreaker Factorising by Andy Lutwyche](https://www.tes.com/en-au/teaching-resource/codebreaker-factorising-expressions-6449047)
* [Math-Aids.Com: Autogenerated: Factoring Quadratics](https://www.math-aids.com/Algebra/Algebra_1/Polynomials/Factoring_Quadratic.html)
* [MathWorksheets4Kids: Binomial factoring](https://www.mathworksheets4kids.com/grade-8/factoring-binomials.php)

#### Algebraic Fractions
* [Dr Austin Maths' Fill in the Blanks](https://www.draustinmaths.com/_files/ugd/7ac124_c8ceecc0327f473892852c5799d1893c.pdf)
* [Codebreakers by Andy Lutwyche](https://www.tes.com/en-au/teaching-resource/algebraic-fractions-codebreakers-11411609)
* [Corbett Maths Adding Fractions](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/adding-algebraic-fractions-pdf.pdf)
* [MATHSprint Algebraic Fractions](https://mathsprint.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/a-algebraic-fractions-add-subtract-1.pdf)


## Decimals
These are the [slides](static/pdfs/slides/Year_7/yr7-decimals.pdf) I made, inspired by Macquarie Fields High School content.   
This is a [diagnostic test](static/pdfs/my_resources/Year7-Decimals-Diagnostic.pdf) I assembled from different sources of questions.

### Place Value and Ordering Decimals
+ [MathWorksheets4Kids Place Value](https://www.mathworksheets4kids.com/decimal-place-value.php)
+ [Math Monks Comparing and Ordering Decimals](https://mathmonks.com/worksheets/comparing-and-ordering-decimals-worksheets)
+ [Math Salamanders Ordering Decimals](https://www.math-salamanders.com/ordering-decimals.html)
+ [Increasingly Difficult Ordering](https://taylorda01.weebly.com/uploads/4/2/3/8/42387051/ordering_numbers_01.pdf)

### Rounding Decimals
+ [Corbett Rounding Decimals](https://corbettmaths.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Rounding-decimal-places-pdf.pdf)
+ A rounding game I created, inspired by Math-Salamanders
+ [Math Drills Round Various Places](https://math-drills.com/decimal/decround_various_various_001.php)
+ [Math Salamanders Rounding Decimal Challenges](https://www.math-salamanders.com/rounding-decimals-worksheet.html)


### Adding and Subtracting Decimals

### Multiplying and Dividing by Powers of Ten

### Multiplying and Dividing by Decimals

### Proportions with Decimals, Fractions and Percentages

## Negative Numbers
